when Ephraim spoke trembling he exalted
himself in Israel but when he offended
through bail worship he died
now they sin more and more and have made
for themselves molded images idols of
their silver according to their skill
all of it is the work of craftsmen they
say of them let the men who sacrifice
kiss the calves therefore they shall be
like the morning cloud and like the
early do that passes away like chaff
blown off from a threshing floor and
like smoke from a chimney yet I am the
Lord your God ever since the land of
Egypt and you shall know no god but me
for there is no Savior besides me I knew
you in the wilderness in the land of
great drought when they had past year
they were filled they were filled and
their heart was exalted therefore they
forgot me so I will be to them like a
lion like a leopard by the road I will
lurk I will meet them like a bear
deprived of her Cubs I will tear open
their ribcage and there I will devour
them like a lion the wild beasts shall
tear them Oh Israel you are destroyed
but your help is from me I will be your
key where is any other that he may save
you in all your cities and your judges
to whom you said give me a king and
princes
I gave you a king in my anger and took
him away in my wrath
the iniquity of 'iframe is bound up his
sin is stored of the sorrows of a woman
in childbirth shall come upon him he is
an unwise son for he should not stay
long where children are born
I will ransom them from the power of the
grave I will redeem them from death Oh
death I will be your plagues Oh grave I
will be your destruction
pity is hidden from my eyes though he is
fruitful among his brethren and east
winds shall come the wind of the Lord
shall come up from the wilderness
then his spring shall become dry and his
fountains shall be dried up
he shall plunder the treasury of every
desirable prize Sumeria is held guilty
for she has rebelled against her God
they shall fall by the sword their
infants shall be dashed in pieces and
their women with child ripped open